Add new result + add new info (#2)
hasboeuf/louisbread: README.md

![petrissage_2][petrissage_2]

> * Knead the sticky dough during 10 mins (if you have a Thermomix: 12mn / 37 deg / Mess mode). It is sticky because the dough contains much water: it is normal, baker's yeast microorganisms need water to develop, it is the insurance to have a airy bread. I slightly oil my hand and fold the dough along itself during 10 mn.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Knead the sticky dough for 10 mins (if you have a Thermomix: 12mn / 37 deg / Mess mode). The dough is sticky because it contains quite a bit of water. This is expected, as baker's yeast microorganisms, which make for an airy bread, need water to develop.
If you are kneading by hand, I recommend oiling your hand and folding dough on itself for 10 mins.
```

### 3. La détente

> * Split the dough into n pieces (6 pieces works well for small baguettes, you can also split into 2 pieces for 2 normal sized baguette)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Split the dough into n pieces (6 pieces works well for small baguettes, you can also split into 2 pieces for 2 normal sized baguettes)
```

![cuisson_1][cuisson_1]

> * Incise the dough with a sharped knife, to form "la grigne", be creative

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Incise the dough with a sharped knife, to form "la grigne". Feel free to be creative
```

![cuisson_2][cuisson_2]

> * Sprinkle flour (unlike in this GIF, use a flour sieve for a more elegant result)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Sprinkle flour (unlike in this GIF, use a flour sieve for a better-looking result)
```

![cuisson_4][cuisson_4]

> * Bake at least 18mn, it's ready when the crust looks perfect to you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Bake for at least 18 mins. The bread is ready whenever the crust looks good to you
```
